
CS50WorldTime v1.0

CS50WorldTime is a web application based on the asp.net MVC framework. It uses the latest in the .NET framework ecosystem which is .NET CORE (2.2). .NET Core is Microsofts cross-platform web application framework. Previously you could only deploy .NET web applications to Windows environments but with the release of .NET CORE we can now deploy to linux based machines as well. The reason i chose .NET core over the tradition .NET framework is that it is the new standard for cross-platform web apps in the .NET ecosystem. I can see the traditional .NET framework eventually being phased out as class libraries are migrated to .NET Core. .NET Core does not have all the C# base class libraries in the .NET framework which can be seen as one of its weak points. As the framework develops and new features are released i can see it competing with .NET for many projects. I also chose .NET core so that i could possibly try deploying the application to one of my linux based app servers which currently only hosts basic HTML/CSS/JS websites. 

The basic design of CS50WorldTime is to provide a simple and intuitive web portal where you can see exactly what time zone you are in as well as check the time zones of other cities/countries. This would be particularly useful when planning a trip over seas as you may want to "time" your arrival and doing so can be confusing because of travel times and time zone differences. CS50WorldTime aims to help ease the trip planning process by allowing you to create a trip itenerary which will automatically show you the local time at your destination based on the location entered and length of the trip.

While the basic features such as checking the current time zone and checking the local time of a certain city can be done by anyone, more advanced features such as planning a trip and creating a list/itenerary should only be accessible by users that are logged in. For basic development and testing .NET Core allows you to store user accounts and data locally. When deploying to a full production site, an SQL server instance will need to be created and using Entity Framework the web application should be able to store data permanently.
